chore(migration): move new migration files to ts (#16112) (#16130)
OpenCTI-Platform/opencti: opencti-platform/opencti-graphql/src/migrations/README.md

# Best practices on migration writing

## Use yarn command to create new migration file

> This will create a new JS migration file under folder migrations  with a “latest” timestamp prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a new JS migration file under the 'migrations' folder with a “latest” timestamp prefix.
```

```bash
cd opencti-platform/opencti-graphql
yarn migrate:add <migration-name>
```

The migration process is a blocking process on startup, so it is important:
- that the migration does the minimum necessary work

> - that the status is explicit on the logs (number of items processed / number of item expected, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- that the status is explicit on the logs (number of items processed / number of items expected, etc.)
```
